Update DG 1.6 (#240)
AY2526S2-CS2103T-F12-1/tp: docs/DeveloperGuide.md

Reviewer: Similar to above (reduce UI details)

```suggestion
    * 1a1. TripScribe informs the user of the format error.
```

Reviewer: We could add this for standardisation

```suggestion
**MSS**
```

Reviewer: Similar to above (reduce UI details)

```suggestion
    * 1c1. TripScribe informs the user that the contact already exists.
```

Reviewer: Similar to above (reduce UI details)
```suggestion
    * 1b1. TripScribe informs the user that the input is invalid.
```

Reviewer: Maybe we can reduce UI details by rephrasing
```suggestion
2. TripScribe creates the contact and displays the updated contact list.
```

Reviewer: Similar to above (reduce UI details)
```suggestion
    * 1b1. TripScribe informs the user that the category is invalid.
```

Reviewer: Similar to above (reduce UI details)
```suggestion
    * 2a1. TripScribe informs the user that no matching entries were found.
```

Reviewer: Similar to above (reduce UI details) 

```suggestion
    * 1c1. TripScribe informs the user that the referenced contact does not exist.
```

| `* *`    | tour agency operation executive           | undo and redo commands                                                            | recover from mistakes                                   |
| `* *`    | tour agency operation executive           | archive completed itineraries                                                     | keep my workplace uncluttered                           |
| `* *`    | tour agency operation executive           | add pictures to contacts                                                          | recognize the people I work with                        |
| `* *`    | tour agency operation executive           | clear all existing data                                                           | start fresh with a new data set                         |

> | `* *`    | tour agency operation executive           | find contacts with specific keywords                                              | search and view all contacts with the keywords          |

Reviewer 2: Small comment:
The benefit can be:
locate contacts easily

Author: Added

    * 1c1. TripScribe displays an error message indicating the valid flags.

      Use case ends.
---
**UC05: General Find**

**MSS**

> 1. User requests to find contacts and enters keywords.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. User requests to find contacts by specifying the keyword(s).
```

2. TripScribe retrieves contacts that match any keyword in any searchable field.
3. TripScribe displays a success message and the filtered list of contacts that match the keywords.

Use case ends.

**Extensions**

* 1a. TripScribe detects an error in the entered command format.
    * 1a1. TripScribe displays a format error message with the correct command usage.

      Use case ends.

* 1b. TripScribe detects no keywords in the entered command format.

>     * 1b1. TripScribe displays a format error message indicating that at least 1 keyword must be given for search.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * 1b1. TripScribe informs the user that no keywords were provided.
```

      Use case ends.

* 2a. TripScribe finds zero entries matching.

>     * 2a1. TripScribe displays an empty result message.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * 2a1. TripScribe informs the user that no matching entries were found.
```

      Use case ends.

---

**UC06: Multi-field Find**

**MSS**

> 1. User requests to find contacts based on specific fields and enters keywords with prefixes.

Reviewer: We could reduce the lower level detail of prefixes by rephrasing

```suggestion
1. User requests to find contacts by specifying the keyword(s) and field(s) to search.
```

2. TripScribe retrieves contacts that match based on the following criteria: <br>
   - within the same field, keywords are matched using OR
   - across different fields, fields are matched using AND
3. TripScribe displays a success message and the filtered list of contacts that match the keywords.

Use case ends.

> **Extensions**

Reviewer: Maybe extension 1c can be counted under extension 1a? Since it has to do with wrong command format (mixing the command formats)

Then we can just state that the extensions are similar to UC05

      Use case ends.

---

**UC07: Edit**

**MSS**
1. User requests to edit a contact or itinerary by specifying the entry type and index
2. User supplies fields to edit.
3. TripScribe edits the specified contact or itinerary.
4. TripScribe displays a success message and the updated list.

Use case ends.

**Extensions**

* 1a. TripScribe detects an error in the entered command format.
    * 1a1. TripScribe displays a format error message with the correct command usage.

      Use case ends.

* 1b. TripScribe detects an invalid index (e.g., not a positive integer or out of range).
    * 1b1. TripScribe shows an error message indicating that the specified entry does not exist.

      Use case ends.

* 1c. TripScribe detects an invalid flag.
    * 1c1. TripScribe displays an error message indicating the valid flags.

      Use case ends.
  
* 2a. TripScribe detects no fields entered by user to edit.
  * 2a1. TripScribe displays an error message indicating that at least 1 field must be edited for the entry.
    
      Use case ends.

* 3a. TripScribe detects a field entered by user is for the wrong entry type (e.g. `from/` for contact).

>     * 2a1. TripScribe displays an error message indicating that at least 1 field must be edited for the entry.

Reviewer: Slight typo

```suggestion
    * 3a1. TripScribe displays an error message indicating that at least 1 field must be edited for the entry.
```

---

**UC06: Multi-field Find**

**MSS**
1. User requests to find contacts by specifying the field(s) and keywords(s) to search.
2. TripScribe retrieves contacts that match based on the following criteria: <br>
   - within the same field, keywords are matched using OR
   - across different fields, fields are matched using AND
3. TripScribe displays a success message and the filtered list of contacts that match the keywords.

Use case ends.

**Extensions**

* 1a. TripScribe detects an error in the entered command format.
    * 1a1. TripScribe displays a format error message with the correct command usage.

      Use case ends.

* 1b. TripScribe detects no keywords in the entered command format.
    * 1b1. TripScribe displays a format error message indicating that at least 1 keyword must be given for search.

      Use case ends.

* 1c. TripScribe detects a non-prefixed keyword before the first prefixed keyword.
    * 1c1. TripScribe displays a format error message with the correct command usage.

      Use case ends.

* 2a. TripScribe finds zero entries matching.
    * 2a1. TripScribe displays an empty result message.

      Use case ends.

---

**UC07: Edit**

**MSS**

> 1. User requests to edit a contact or itinerary by specifying the entry type and index

Reviewer 2: Maybe can leave out "specifying the entry type and index" since it is related to implementation

Author: Updated
